# Introduction

## :trophy: A3.1 Learning activity

Project documentation using the Scrum framework for the inception phase.
### :blue_book: Instructions

- Based on an investigation and on the document provided by the advisor, carry out the project documentation using the scrum framework for the case study.
- The activity must be carried out using a platform such as ** Notion **, or ** Confluence **, and must be sent in PDF style, naming it with the nomenclature **A3.1_ActivityName_AlumnoName.pdf. **
- Your repository in addition to having a ** readme **. Md file in your root directory, with information such as student data, work team, subject, career, advisor data, and even logo or images, it must have a section of contents or index.

### :pencil2: Developing

1. Prepare the vision statement document, integrating a section for:
   + The business case, including introduction, objectives and scope, business modeling, requirements and constraints, list of milestones.
   + Identification of roles such as the product owner, the scrum master and stakeholder, the scrum team
   + The project budget.
2. Fill out the prioritized Product Backlog form and send the file within your delivery.

[A3.1_Scrum Initiation Phase Project Vision Statement](https://github.com/yessi-github/AnalisisAvanzado-2021/blob/main/PDFs/A3.1%20Scrum%20Initiation%20Phase%20Project%20Vision%20Statement.pdf)

#### :bomb: Rubric

| Criteria    | Description                                                                                | Score |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Instructions | Is each of the points indicated in the Instructions section fulfilled? | 10 |
| Development | Was each one of the points requested within the development of the activity answered? | 60 |
| Demonstration | Does the student introduce himself during the explanation of the functionality of the activity? | 20 |
| Conclusions | Is a personal opinion of the activity included by each of the team members? | 10 |


 
 
## Conclusions
 
 **Carlos Gallardo** 

 Now that we started preparing the scrum documentation, we transformed and adapted what was our constitutive act so that it has the appropriate structure for the scrum model. Taking for example the SMART objectives, the requirements, the risks and the budget to carry out the project sprits.Starting to work with Confluence was a great challenge, since adapting to new tools is complicated but always necessary

 
**Yessica Orihuela**

 During this practice one of the most difficult things was to decide the prices of the software since they are topics that none of the team members know about since the cost of a software project can be something that we do not commonly contemplate in the projects that we have carried out although We always have an idea of how much money it can be, it is not known exactly.
One of the simplest things was the rest of the points since we had previously worked on them in practices prior to this one, so their implementation was relatively simple, and working in confluence was easier for us since it facilitates collaborative work.

 
**Merari Cortes**

In this activity we used a new platform and it was not difficult for me but it was something new for me to adapt to Confluence once I understood the platform it became simple for me, the platform is very simple in the fact that you can edit your document together with your equipment at the same time that saved us a lot of time and not seem like a broken phone in general if I liked this platform now talking about the activity itself it was not complicated since we used some points that we had already done in past activities.
 
**María Sanabria**

Using confluence as a teamwork platform was pretty fast to use and adapt. I consider the Most difficult part of the activity was collecting the right information and selecting sections from our previous work. By the other part, the easiest part was editing and navigation in the work space.
Confluence as a tool fits perfectly Because it's visible how much anyone is making contributions and how many times a document is being edited.
___   
 