## Introduction

## :trophy: A3.3 Learning Activity

Software architecture design using C4 model

### :blue_book: Instructions

- Based on research and the document provided by the assessor, perform the project documentation using the scrum framework for the case study.
- The activity should be done using a platform such as **Notion**, or **Confluence**, and should be submitted in PDF style, naming it with the nomenclature **A3.3_ActivityName_StudentName.pdf.**.
- Your repository, in addition to having a **readme**.md file in its root directory, with information such as student data, work team, subject, career, advisor data, and even logo or images, must have a contents section or index.

### :pencil2: Development

1. Draw up the following diagrams for the case study:
   
   - [x] 1. Context diagram.
   - [x] 2. Container diagram.
   - [x] 3. Component diagram.
   - [x] 4. Class diagram. 

### :green_book: Document Confluence  
 
- [A3.3 Architecture Model C4](https://github.com/yessi-github/AnalisisAvanzado-2021/blob/main/PDFs/A3.3_C4.pdf) 

## :bulb: Conclusions
 
 **Carlos Gallardo**   
 The C4 model allowed me and my team to visualize how the project would look from little to much (I mean, broken down into components that go from the most general to the most detailed).

This allows the team to understand each relationship that exists within the application throughout all levels: starting with the context diagram, then the container, the component diagram and finally the class diagram.

the most challenging part of this activity was understanding which objects each diagram used to represent the c4 model correctly.

**Yessica Orihuela**  

I consider that SCRUM is a very useful framework since it leads you to have good practices when developing software. During this activity I felt quite comfortable doing it although the C4 model is not something that I was familiar with. I previously mentioned that it is flexible and you can handle it at your discretion. It is a very good way to end a software program since it opens up a whole panorama that you had not thought about before and helps you understand the project that is being carried out much better.

 
**Merari Cortes**  
In this activity we use the Confluence platform again to make the diagrams we use draw io based on the previous diagrams that we had made context, containers, components, class but here we will incorporate the software architecture through the C4 model, it was not difficult to implement this topic to The diagrams that we had already made were very helpful since I did not know these types of diagrams for our research.

**María Sanabria**   
The only thing I was struggling with is the fact that Draw.io extension often fails to auto save a diagram. Besides having to redo the work again and again, making the activity is easier than before. When I make a diagram, I use to fill as much information as I can list, but as the teacher said in feedback class, it's unnecessary and is enough with indicating the table relationships.
I consider I had less difficulties working on this particular activity Because details were fewer in general, so the final result was ok.


:octocat: [Go to Github](https://github.com/yessi-github/AnalisisAvanzado-2021.git)